image output directory, we
can quickly just see
where this is referenced
and we can see,
you know, the model
we're using, we can
quickly just update the
model that we're using
to generate the image.
And of course we
can update the aspect
ratio, so on and
so forth, right? All
this stuff. We can
add arbitrary static and
dynamic variables here, right?
But the interesting thing
here is in the
workflow, in these control
flow prompts, you can
of course, with natural
language, request loops. Okay,
so we're saying important,
then generate number of
images, right? We're referencing
a variable using the
image generation prompt following